I walk.
In this lecture, we are going to grab the inputs of the user.
To do this, the test form field has a property known as unchanged.
Okay.
So we tend to test on field.
And over here it has a property known as on change.
And we need a parenthesis over it because it is a callback or a function.
And within the parentheses, we have to pass something known as value.
And the value is basically referring to whatsoever.
User is going to type in here.
So the current value is F, f or g.
Okay.
And for this, we have to specify the type of value we are expecting.
You can see it is expecting, it says.
So it is a data type of string.
Now what we can do, we can create a variable to store the value.
To do that over here.
Over a year, we are going to create a variable and we are going to specify the type first.
It is a type of late and the reason for this late is because we do not want to assign any value to it
at this point.
So it is also a type of string and we can then call this full name.
So you can see we are saying that it is a type of lead and the reason for this late we do not want to
assign any value to it.
So we are basically saying we are going to come home late or I'm going to hit later.
Okay.
And late string and email and late string.
And what password?
Okay.
And now all we have to do is.
The OC.
Over the on change.
One change we then have to say full name.
Is equal to what is equal to.
Value.
Okay.
And we can basically just copy this.
And do it for the email.
It's in the vat within the telephone field and pace this.
This is going to be what?
Email.
And lastly, for the password, it's in the test form field.
And all right, here, this is going to be password.
Okay, great.
And now we have successfully store the data that is going to go in here.
See that's available called password, which we created above.
And you can see now we are assigning value to it unlike before.
So that was why we have to use the latest keyword.
Okay.
And now what we have to do is where we have the.
The the.
Okay.
You can see why we said if form key the current state is validated.
If it is if it is valid, then what we can just do?
We can print.
Full name.
But it's okay to cancel and print email.
And Prince.
Maybe the password.
Okay.
Is Katrina safe?
And what we have to do is to open our.
Our seminar.
Okay.
CONCHA And.
Yes.
A new seminar.
Okay.
Hopefully he's not stuck.
So for the delay.
Okay.
New me and this over.
And.
Type is something.
What we can just do.
Okay.
We can also start this.
But we started and it's going to take some time because I'm just doing it for some time now and.
Definitely we are able to try this out.
We are able to try this out.
Okay.
Still to start, then.
If I'm in Auschwitz, that's.
Sorry for the delay.
I'm deeply sorry for the delay.
I think this is taking longer than expected.
Probably I'm just going to do it of this.
I'm just going to do it behind the scene and.
Okay.
Before we start.
And.
Look, it's going to hurt to start this up now.
So I'm very, very sorry for the delay.
Okay.
Well, we start.
We can then navigate to the sign up.
And he's asking for the full name.
I can just type famous and.
Site famous and password is famous and it is currently valid.
Right.
So we should get our data via OC.
You can see it is currently valid.
This is going to run right.
As if it is not valid.
This is going to run.
Okay.
What about getting rid of this famous and trying to run?
You can see.
Sounds good, right?
Okay, let's do the right thing.
Okay.
F.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.